OK, so I'm going to show you about this 'case' statement here, this says:
'case' and then a variable name.
So in this case, it's going to be 'opt', which is just going to loop through all these.
So if it's a 'b', it's going to run this and then you close it out by saying there's nothing else to
run here by using two semicolons.
And you could add multiple lines of code here, but since there's only one, it's just easier to read
with just one.
And if it's an 'e'  it's going to do this function and then the '*' here, as I mentioned, will just be
a default if it didn't find a match.
And then in our case, it's going to use the--print this 'usage' function to show our helpline.
So the key statement is useful if you want to do X, Y or Z, depending on what if you have a whole
bunch of different things you want to do something different on, you can loop through them and then
do a little 'case' statement and then have a default for if something doesn't match.